Migrate SitewideLinks component to Psammead (#154)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-sitewide-links/README.md

# psammead-sitewide-links &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-sitewide-links.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-sitewide-links) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://reactjs.org/docs/how-to-contribute.html#your-first-pull-request)

## Description

> The `@bbc/psammead-sitewide-links` package is designed to be used at the bottom of an article, however can be used anywhere on a page. These links are generally intended to be to more general and legal BBC pages, but do not have to be. It also includes information about copyright. 

Reviewer: Where is `externalLink` used? I've not actually looked at the component, so I'm reading this with fresh eyes. I understand the idea of links and a copyright message, but not sure where externalLink fits in.

Author: Its the link that goes after the copyright message 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11341355/49656493-69cc2f80-fa35-11e8-9271-4dd779f1bf48.png)

Reviewer: Therefore...

```suggestion
The `@bbc/psammead-sitewide-links` package is designed to be used in the footer of a generic BBC page. These links are generally intended for general and legal BBC pages, but do not have to be - and the component itself can be used anywhere in theory.

As well as the sitewide links, this component incorporates a copyright label, and a link next to it (which is intended to link to a disclaimer).
```

Actually, the more I look at it, the more I wonder why we've bundled sitewide links with copyright & external link 🤔 
![screen shot 2018-12-07 at 15 39 03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5111927/49656851-3dfd7980-fa36-11e8-96ed-ff8949c11d01.png)

Feels like this component should be simpler:

![screen shot 2018-12-07 at 15 39 51](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5111927/49656891-5a011b00-fa36-11e8-94e5-274eb8c878da.png)

Copyright & external link should be tackled elsewhere (Simorgh's `FooterContainer`), IMO. I should have caught that sooner: https://github.com/BBC-News/simorgh/pull/1045/files#diff-40b843802de7eef375e3df8299b07701R50

Let's not hold up this PR - we can raise an issue to refactor it out in future.

Reviewer: Have raised that in issue #169, to look at next year.
